Update README.md (#252)
open-telemetry/build-tools: semantic-conventions/README.md

The image supports [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/) templates to generate code from the models.

> For example, opentelemetry-java [generates typed constants for semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/main/semconv/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/semconv/trace/attributes/SemanticAttributes.java)

Reviewer: It seems the comment from @arminru https://github.com/open-telemetry/build-tools/pull/252/files#r1445975530 is still not fixed.

Author: Apologies, this is my first issue. I accepted all of their suggestions, please let me know if anything else needs to be done. Thanks

> For example, opentelemetry-java [generates typed constants for semantic conventions]. Refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java for all semantic conventions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, opentelemetry-java generates typed constants for semantic conventions. Refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java for all semantic conventions.
```
That's not a link anymore.

using [this template](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/main/buildscripts/semantic-convention/templates/SemanticAttributes.java.j2).

> For example, opentelemetry-java [generates typed constants for semantic conventions]. Refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java for all semantic conventions. 
> 
> The commands used to generate that are
> [here in the opentelemetry-java repo](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/main/buildscripts/semantic-convention/generate.sh).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workflows and templates used to generate the constants can also be found there.
```
Since you link to the repo (different name btw) above.

> the following command is used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note especially the `docker run` commands. For example to generate a constants file called `SemanticAttributes.java`,
the following command is used:
```
It's no longer mentioned above.

The image supports [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/) templates to generate code from the models.

> For example, opentelemetry-java generates typed constants for semantic conventions. Refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java for all semantic conventions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, the semantic-conventions-java repository [generates typed constants for semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java/blob/2be178a7fd62d1073fa9b4f0f0520772a6496e0b/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/semconv/SemanticAttributes.java).
```
Recommend updating repo name and still directly linking to the generated file as an example of what can be done with templating.

The commands used to generate that are

> [here in the opentelemetry-java repo](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[here in the semantic-conventions-java repo](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java/blob/2be178a7fd62d1073fa9b4f0f0520772a6496e0b/build.gradle.kts#L96-L141)
```
Recommend updating the name of the repo being referenced along with directly linking to the part of the Gradle build script that performs the code generation.

Note especially the `docker run` commands. For example to generate a constants file called `SemanticAttributes.java`,

> the following command is used:

Reviewer 3: This is no longer the exact command run by Gradle. See [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java/blob/2be178a7fd62d1073fa9b4f0f0520772a6496e0b/build.gradle.kts#L100-L115). Recommend either removing this part completely (including the code block below) or updating the code block to use the code in the Gradle file (linked earlier).

The image supports [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/) templates to generate code from the models.

> For example, opentelemetry-java generates typed constants for semantic conventions. Refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java for all semantic conventions.

Reviewer 4: Reminder to make the change that @wbh1 suggested here.

The commands used to generate that are
[here in the semantic-conventions-java repo](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java/blob/2be178a7fd62d1073fa9b4f0f0520772a6496e0b/build.gradle.kts#L96-L141)

By default, all models are fed into the specified template at once, i.e. only a single file is generated.

> This is helpful to generate constants for the semantic attributes, [example from opentelemetry-java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/main/buildscripts/semantic-convention).

Reviewer: The link here is broken still. Also, I think in Java they don't generate a single file anymore, but they split them by namespace.
